Hey, good morning family! We are excited to be with you all again today. Boy, we have some stuff to talk to you about. We're excited.
We'll get to the prayer in a minute, but we have some amazing news to talk about what the Lord is doing.
We went to a healing service again tonight, and the Shekinah of Glory was there.
I'm telling you all, you know there's people who say, 'Well, we don't have time to drive to go to a certain service or be a part of a revival.'How desperate, how hungry are you?
I'm not criticizing you; I'm trying to say, folks, it's time to get hungry. The King is coming! The King is coming!
In this little town of Eufaula, Oklahoma, the glory at the Lighthouse Church is—is it the Lighthouse Church?
Yeah, I think that's what it's called. Precious people there at this church, precious men and women of God.
The pastors there, the associate pastor and the main pastor, are amazing people—really, really awesome men and women of God.
And the daughter-in-law, she sings like a bird, man. She could bring down the glory with her voice, and it was amazing.
But they have Billy Burke there, and I'm going to do this without crying, but I'm going to tell you all this: two nights in a row, I've gotten a touch from the Lord that will forever change us both.
I would encourage you, if Billy Burke is ever in your area, wherever you live, if you look at his itinerary, just try to go to at least one or two of his meetings and bless him. Bless him when you go; he is good ground.
I believe with all my heart—like Diana, I wish I could give more because when you see people's lives being changed by the glory—people that are broken, suicidal, and just ready to give up on life—and you see the presence of God change them.
You see their countenance when they come up there so heavy and burdened down, just ready to give up, and then when the power of God knocks them down and they get up, their face looks different.
The demonic spirits lifted off of them. So many people we have seen in the last two days have a radical visitation from the Lord.
Tonight, after last night, I felt like I was being a pig because I got a touch last night.
Diana said, because we have our own needs, we went up and had Megan prayed for, but we didn't talk about the stuff that we were believing for.
So Diana said, 'Brandon, why don't we go down to the front?'and I said, 'Well, shouldn't we let all the other people get ministered to?'But the Lord said, 'Go.
It's okay to be greedy when it comes to My presence.'I'm hungry, and when you hunger and thirst after righteousness, He said He'd fill you.
I told her, 'Come on, babe,'so I grabbed her hand and we ran up to the front.
Bren watched Megan and made sure she was okay while we went up there and got prayed for.
The moment we hit the line—we were at the back of the line—it doesn't matter where you are in the line; He meets you where you are.
You don't have to wait. You don't even have to have hands laid on you; He meets you where your faith is.
We got up and it was almost over, and we thought that he was closing.
We were like, 'You know, we're just going to go.'So we went down there, and we were at the back of the line at the very end of the service, and the tangible presence of God hit us so strong.
I could barely stand up. The glory was all over my legs so much that they were wobbly, and I felt like I was so intoxicated with the Holy Spirit that I was wanting to lean against a wall.
The closer we got to the front of the altar, the presence of the Lord—I started sweating.
She couldn't stand; I had to hold her up with my shoulder. She was holding on to me so she wouldn't fall out, and I was bracing myself.
All of a sudden, when we got to him and he said, 'What is wrong?'and he prayed for us, the glory of the Lord hit me so strong.
He said, 'It's the Shekinah of Glory on y'all,'and he said, 'Watch me.'He touched me—bam!—and I hit the ground.
I'm telling you, when I did, I felt the presence of the Lord just hit me like a wave, and it hit Diana.
Oh, I've never felt it that strong in my entire life! I was just weeping, 'Thank You, Jesus.'But this is the part... we're going to rewind a little bit here.
I went to the store today to get her some coats and stuff for the winter so that we'd have some nice clothes for her to wear on these videos and when we go out to these meetings that the Lord's telling us to go to.
I said, 'Hey babe, you asked for some perfume, let me go ahead and buy you some.'I'm glad you like it because it was a treat.
So I got her this bottle of perfume, and she said, 'Man, Brandon, it smells so lovely.
I love this. This is really nice.'I surprised her, and then what did the Lord say to you? What did you say?
Well, I was thinking whenever we were driving in the car, I was thinking about how last night I had had a visitation from the Lord. I smelled a campfire when I was just folding laundry.
We were listening to 'Fire, Fire, Shut Up in My Bones.'I was listening to that on the TV; I had the Autumn Assembly of Prayer on our TV from years ago.
They were praying 'Fire, fire, fire shut up in my bones!'Lynn Hammond was preaching, and I was just folding laundry, but I was sucked into it.
I was listening and soaking it in, and it was like I was there.
I forgot I was even folding laundry; I was just doing it robotically. All of a sudden, I smelled a campfire.
I asked Bren, 'Do you smell that?'and he goes, 'No, Mom, I don't smell anything.'I said, 'It is so strong.
Is there a fire going on in this house?'We looked around, and I said, 'It's just right here.'We found out that it was just right where I was standing that I smelled it.
Bren came and stood right by me, and he's like, 'Mom, I don't smell anything.'I said, 'It's the Holy Spirit.
I feel His presence here.'So, all of a sudden, I just felt His presence on me, and I just hit the floor.
I was just on my face before God in intercessory prayer, just travailing and travailing.
After it was over, I went back to where the laundry was and I picked up the laundry and smelled it.
Bren goes, 'No, the clothes don't smell.'I said, 'I know the clothes don't smell because I just got them out of the dryer,'but I've never been around a campfire where it doesn't permeate the clothes.
I just wanted to see if His presence permeated those clothes, but they didn't smell like anything.
So I forgot about it, and the next day he gave me the perfume. We were driving down there, and I was just looking out the window, talking to God in my heart.
I said, 'Oh, I like my perfume, Lord.'I saw all the flowers outside and said, 'They're so beautiful, Lord.
I love the way flowers smell.'Then I was also thinking about fragrances in general, and I was thinking about last night. I was thinking about when his it passed.
When he first passed, his grandma would take his clothes and she would breathe them in because she wanted to smell it because she missed him so much.
I remember when she said, 'His fragrance is even leaving the clothes.'After a couple of weeks, his scent started wearing off his old clothes, and she was crying.
I heard the Lord say to me, 'Diana,'because I was thinking about those clothes and I wondered why they didn't smell like that. It was so tangible, Lord.
And He said, 'Diana, the fragrances don't last very long because when you take a flower and put it in a vase, even the fragrance from a rose dies.
It doesn't smell very good forever because it's separated from its source.'It hit me, and He said, 'Diana, I smell so good.
My fragrance is amazing.'I said, 'Oh, Father, I bet it is.'Then when we got there in that line, at the back of the line, I started smelling this fragrance.
It was the most beautiful fragrance I've ever smelled. When you breathed it in, it was like life.
I felt the Holy Spirit say, 'Breathe.'The more I breathed, the more I could hardly stand.
I was like, 'Guys, Heaven's going to smell so good!'I was standing next to her, and she said, 'Brandon, do you not smell it?'At the time, I didn't smell anything.
When she said, 'Brandon, just breathe,'I took a deep breath and the fragrance went all through my nose and down my throat.
I said, 'Oh, I smell it too, babe!'It smelled to me like honeysuckle.
The fragrance was so beautiful, like roses, like beautiful flowers.
Even before, when I've smelled the Lord, I said it's like frankincense. It's a very beautiful smell, like anointing oil.
But this, I can tell you all, there's nothing on this earth I've ever smelled like the Shekinah Glory.
The tangible presence of the Lord has an odor, and it was so strong at that altar.
I was trying to think, 'Who smells like this?'I wanted to sniff people because I was like, 'Where is—who's the source?
This is beautiful!'You couldn't get enough of it. I breathed it in again, and it got even stronger.
Whenever he touched me and the power of God hit me, I laid on the ground and I couldn't get up.
I literally felt like I had cement glue gluing me to the ground.
I just sat there and looked at the lights because I could not move off the floor.
I thought, 'Well, what do we do now?'so I just laid there and balled because the Lord was just touching me.
I got up off the floor—I'm so drunk with the Holy Spirit—I scooted my body up against the wall of the altar and smelled that fragrance again.
I carried her out on my arm because she was so drunk in the Holy Spirit.
I put her in the car, and almost the whole way home I could get whiffs of it.
But the more I drove and focused on the road, I didn't smell it anymore, but she could smell it the whole way home.
Then my kids started to smell it. I was like, 'Please don't leave!
I want to smell this forever.'God's a good God, y'all, and He wants good things for His kids.
When we get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be! We'll sing and shout the victory!
It's going to be awesome. But He's coming; the King is coming.
I haven't been able to really talk about the experience we had with Him two or three nights ago when He came just loving on us and gave us a word about what's coming.
He knows exactly what each and every one of us needs. It's so custom-fit.
He knows the number of hairs on your head. He knows what every single one of us needs.
It's not just a cookie-cutter thing; He does it custom just for you.
The words that we've been given this week from Nancy and Billy were all things Jesus spoke to us as confirmation.
I told her, 'If I said this publicly, people are going to say we're bragging.'So when the man of God hears the Holy Spirit say what Jesus said in our house and he starts confirming things, I just sit there and go, 'Wow.'Folks, what a mighty God we serve!
I would encourage everybody, if you see Billy Burke's itinerary and he is in your area, do whatever you can to be there and support this man.
Help him; God is using him. People say, 'Well, that's all fake.'You are missing it.
I'm going to tell you this: if you say, 'I don't believe in the healings, I think all that's fake, all those people make up random crap out of their mouth,'the tangible presence of the Lord there is enough in itself to go out and seek it.
If there were no healings or manifestations of God's power, just the presence in the service alone would be enough because the Holy Spirit was there so strong.
Folks, you are dry and thirsty; find a well and drink from the well that never shall run dry.
'Fill my cup, Lord; I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more.'We told her, we can be like roadies, man!
We can follow the band out; we'll follow Billy Burke around and just see who gets healed in his services just for fun.
I have more enjoyment out of seeing who gets their life changed and being a part of something bigger than yourself than anything else in life.
Who wants to sit home and be bored watching TV on the couch? We don't live a boring life, folks.
We walk in the supernatural because we're hungry for it. We're always watching services to sharpen ourselves, to grow from glory to glory.
We're continually feeding and feeding. That's the way we live our life. We're reading John's book right now, Awe of God.
It's a phenomenal book—probably a top 10 best book I've ever had Diana read to me.
The Awe of God by John Bevere, folks, it's amazing. I think everybody should read it; it's life-changing.
In fact, I would love to meet him just to pick his brain, to have him on our channel to talk about Awe of God and what inspired him to write that book.
I know the Holy Spirit did, but where did that knowledge and fear that he's walking in come from?
That revelation knowledge of the Lord—you don't hear people talking that way.
When you read that book, the revelation that he has... please read the book, Awe of God by John Bevere. It will change your life.
I tell her, 'Babe, how do you find these books?'She has a gift; the Holy Spirit will guide her and say, 'This is what Brandon needs to hear.'I just love John Bevere and Lisa Bevere.
What a blessing they are to the body of Christ. Just the revelation of knowing their 'Ephesians moment,'that their eyes of understanding have been enlightened to the Awe of God. It is worth a read.
There are so many avenues you can tap into, whether it's reading a book or the Word—of course, you always should read the Word—but even putting prayer conferences like the Autumn Assembly of Prayer on your TV, having that playing, or worship music.
If you're seeking Him, the Bible says, 'Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things will be added unto you.'He'll meet you halfway.
But if you're lazy, if you're not hungry... I feel like people get spiritually lazy and they're expecting somebody to spoon-feed them like a baby.
How desperate are you? How bad do you want your life to change? We don't just listen to anything.
She skims through books until the Holy Spirit says, 'This one.'I encourage you to read that and to find Billy Burke's ministry.
I know he's around Tampa a lot, Miami sometimes in hotels, and he's going to Las Vegas to do a crusade soon, and California.
His itinerary is on his website. I don't know if he has any more meetings this year, but the first of the year he always does a lot.
We are just encouraged; I want to tell you all that there is a shifting that has happened.
A lot of times we say there's a shifting coming in the future; no, there is a shifting that has manifested, and it is tangible.
I can feel the shifting in the atmosphere. There's something different now.
Once we passed Yom Kippur and entered into that time frame, there's something different.
It's not the same anymore. I'm just anticipating: first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
I'm going to go ahead and start leading us in prayer. Thank you, babe, for coming on and talking.
I'm excited. I'm going to take communion with them and we're going to finish our prayer thing up.
I just wanted Diana to come on today and tell you what happened and how we both were so blessed.
Our kids, everybody was blessed. There's power in prayer. We're excited!
We're anticipating! All right, so we're going to get to the prayer part of this.
My wife got me this shirt; it says, 'Make Heaven Crowded.'I'm just here recruiting.
I thought it was cool. She got it off Amazon for about 20 bucks. 'Make Heaven Crowded.'For God's glory.
Father, I thank You for the manifestation of the glory of the Lord over the minds right now.
In the name of Jesus, we take authority over this demonic oppression from PTSD.
I see you who have been bound up from PTSD from war and tragic circumstances. Father, we thank You that they are free in the name of Jesus.
Father, You said in Your Word that they have the mind of Christ, and we take authority over their minds right now.
We say you are free in Jesus'name. For whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
Father, I thank You for the blood that covers them from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
We plead the blood over every need represented here today. You came to set the captives free.
You are our healer, Lord. Jesus the Healer—He is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
The same Jesus that healed 2,000 years ago is still healing the sick today if you only believe.
All things are possible when you only believe. Say this: 'Lord, I receive.
Lord, I receive.'Lord, we believe You for the glory, for the manifested presence that Your Son brings.
Holy Spirit, we thank You for the tangible presence of the Lord in every single home.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise. Father, we thank You for healing every person believing for a miracle.
I believe with them that You are their healer, that their eyes and their ears are healed.
We lay hands on the sick, and they will recover. Thank You, Father, for demonstrations and manifestations of Your glory.
Father, You told me a great shifting is here now, and I believe for tangible manifestations of glory in their homes.
No more bondage, no more financial lack. We call forth abundance now.
Father, we thank You for supernatural abundance over their finances from the north, south, east, and west.
We call for a financial harvest in Jesus'name. We pray over every person who is a giver and believe there's a supernatural turnaround.
What would seem to take years to come out of a situation will take a 24-hour period.
Suddenly, and 'suddenlies'are coming in the name of Jesus.
I hear the camels are coming! I hear the sound of the abundance of rain.
Father, as we lift up the body before You, we thank You that for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we expect healing. Expectation brings manifestation.
We take this body and thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, we are healed.
Now, Lord, we lift up the blood. When we make much of the blood, the blood will make much of us.
This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it because our sins are as far as the east is from the west.
We thank You for Your grace and mercy. We take the blood and apply it to all that we need—all our sins are covered.
We cover our children, our marriage, and our stuff in the blood.
Where the blood is applied, Satan dare not cross. Thank You for the blood, Lord.
Thank You for the cross and the price You paid. We don't take it for granted; we're grateful.
You are good and Your mercy endures forever. We don't shy away from the glory or what You're doing in this earth.
We plead the blood. Father, thank You for this nation. You're not done with America, Australia, England, or Europe.
Father, I thank You for protecting Israel. Lord, You put it on my heart to intercede regarding the drums full of biological things.
Jesus protected President Trump for a third time. Now, Lord, I thank You that You're exposing all darkness concerning this biological thing that would come against Israel.
I thank You that Your angels are showing the troops where the stuff is hidden and where the attack would come from.
I thank You for supernatural wisdom concerning Your divine protection, that no weapon formed against Your children of Israel will prosper.
There is a hedge of protection over Jerusalem. I thank You that Israeli intelligence would uncover, expose, and bring to light all the plans of the enemy.
We call for the expulsion of all darkness in the name of Jesus. We give You praise for bringing peace to the Middle East.
Thank You, Lord, for being our Prince of Peace, our Mighty God. I thank You for heaven on earth.
I thank You that Your angels keep charge over us, watching over me, my wife, my children, and you.
We expect to see big things, supernatural things. We expect Your glory on our homes, schools, colleges, churches, and shopping malls.
We're expecting the glory of the Lord to be tangible in hospitals, so much so that floors would be emptied because the glory of the Lord showed up.
Not one bed would be occupied because of how big God is. Thank You, Lord, that we will see that kind of move, a new wave of glory like this world has never seen before.
Amen and amen. I'm sorry if it was a little shorter today, but I am tired.
I'm going to get some rest and get refreshed because I'm going back to that healing revival.
I'm going to keep doing these videos, and we're going to pray for our nation—that there will be one last call for the harvest of souls and that this will be a fair election.
People will rise up and vote godly on November 5th for America, and there will be a landslide victory in the House, the Senate, and the Presidency.
Everything the devil meant for bad will turn to good. We will finish 2024 soaring, and we'll know the results within a couple of days.
I thank You, Lord, that Your Holy Spirit and angels are at the polling stations.
We will experience a tangible presence of the Lord with no terrorist attacks.
We give You praise and glory in the mighty name of Jesus. Amen.
If you're new here, please like our videos to help us in the algorithm.
We appreciate you subscribing and clicking the notification bell.
You are helping get the Gospel spread throughout the whole world.
We had a testimony from a man in China who got born again watching one of the videos—all glory to God!
Every time you share and like, you help reach the lost. We are thankful for every single one of you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you, and we love you.
We will see you again tomorrow for Day 10! Blessings, y'all have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.